1. Does the Company AseGlobalMarket has existing data platform based on data fabric concept? Or does it needs to be built from scratch?
2. Are we designing/building AI product platform? or are we also building the AI based E-Commerce Application/s which can be used to sell products?
3. What characters are we looking at when we talk about Responsible AI?
4. What areas of operational efficiency are we looking at for Text based GenAI?
5. What are the measures that you have already implemented to protect personal and sensitive data across all your platforms? Can you please provide some overview/insights into it? 
6. Is it safe to assume that company has already implemented security measure for Local & Global data protection regulations and we do not need to cover that aspect in the design?
7. When you say `Service that will enable people to interact with the available retail market in a fun and easy form, and support business growth and gamification`
    1. Are we saying that we need people to be able to provide "textual" feedback on existing products?
    2. Can you elaborate a little on the "gamification" part?
8. Is it safe to assume that Analysis/summary generated by the "Review summarization tool" would only be used by the internal/e-commerce team and will not be accessible to customers?
9. `handheld devices in physical stores` - Are they only assisting the advisors (Employees)? or Are they accessible to customers also?
10. When you say `AseGlobalMarket is targeting close to zero people involvement is entire customer communication and purchase documentation preparations`
    1. Can you elaborate a bit on the customer communication? What type of communication are we talking about? Is "Review summarization tool" going to communicate with customers?
    2. Also please elaborate on purchase documentation preparation part? What type of documents are we talking about? Is this "Review Summarization tool" perform any sales?
    3. Is `Review Summarization Tool` also performing operations other then Review Summary for the e-commerce team?
11. Do you already have some click-stream analysis tool? Any preferences? Or should we assume that we will be building it from scratch?
12. When you say `We expect up to a million of search queries for proper retail purchases in the first month and thousands of purchases. With growing trend onwards`
    1. Are these the search queries performed by the customer to search products across subsidiaries? Or the searches performed on summarized data by internal employees?
    2. Is building the e-commerce website also in the scope?
13. When you say `We Also expect to gather available retails ads, including scrapping and integrations, to summarize them by various criteria to support smart AI-powered searches over the existing base`
    1. Are we looking to develop/design web crawlers, scrapping tools to search the internet for content and later get it summarized for AI powered searches by internal teams?
14. When you say `fully digitalized purchase experience`, Do we need to build this functionality in existing e-commerce websites (Assuming there are multiple websites across subsidiaries which can be integrated with seamless e-sign, loan & insurance)?
15. When you say `Core and a heart of the system shall be Text Generation and chat capabilities, that are targeted to fully eliminate human interaction`
    1. are we talking about chat/text interaction based purchases of existing products?
16. When you say `Standard functionality of status updates with a refreshing and targeted email and push notifications on status changes (Available, Booked, Processing, Purchased) for tracked houses is expected in mobile and web applications`
    1. Are we supporting real estate purchases (Houses) in our e-commerce app?
